All documents here are subject to the Creative Commons CC by 4.0 license found at this link, https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

What you can do:
1.) You can use the files as is, but please post a link back to these docs if you want to pass them along or refer to them in a public setting. This ensures that whoever views the docs is getting the correct version of them. This is what GitHub was designed for.

2.a) If you modify the documents or notes any revisions you make must be identified as yours and you must also provide author, revision, license (CC by 4.0) and date details of yourself in the legend. You can do this by scrolling the legend down a line so that your details are at the top.

2.b) Also, if you modify the documents you must include a link to the modified document, such as, 

https://github.com/rshpeley/yba3mods/blob/master/docs/yba3-mikes-mods-final-3.pdf, or, https://github.com/rshpeley/yba3mods/tree/master/docs

to ensure an attribution link to the authors scrolled off the list.

3. Suggest changes to the documents by opening a GitHub issue.

What you can't do:
1.) You cannot use the s-logo trademark, as shown in the top right of the document, except in the author section of the document legend (in the bottom right of the document) where I use it in place of my name. 

2.) Remove attributions, such as my copyright or trademark claims, or authorship. 

3.) Obfuscate authorship or attribution in any way.

What you may want to consider doing if you modify the documents:
1.) Clone the repository before making changes to the documents. Submit a pull request through GitHub and on approval I'll update the repository to include your mods.

2.) Fork the project into your own GitHub account and modify it from there.

Please note:
I've provided these documents for the purpose of sharing knowledge about how I modified the Traynor YBA-3 bass amp with the hope that this knowledge may be useful for others. If you choose to post your own mods here, that's great, if they're posted for informational purposes. The yba3mods project repository is not intended to be used to promote business activities.
