The early Traynor Custom Special heads were very robust and can be pushed further than a Marshall or Fender head. With a bit of work they lend themselves well to high gain and high speaker load mods with KT88 style tubes.

This Custom Special amp head is a mid-year 1967 model which is a mix of '67 and '68 models. The first stage has the bias resistor and capacitor of the '68. It has the choke of the '67 head with preamp power supplied through the choke (leading to more sag at higher power levels than the '68 to '70 models). It was wired for 6CA7 power tubes (including suppressor grid negative bias) and has a cooling fan.

The YC-810 Big B cabinet dates from about 1967 and consists of 8 RSC/Jensen 10" speakers wired in series parallel to give a cabinet impedance of 4 ohms. This cabinet has been a favourite with guitarists. 

Provenance
----------
1967: rental amp at Musonic in West Hill, Ontario, Canada.
1967-1969: gigging amp for bassist Bob Fleming of the band Leather.
1970-1972: gigging amp for guitarist John Rolls of the band Bond.
1973-1975: occassional gigging and jamming amp for guitarist Michael Gwynne of Blues Innovation/***/***
1976-2019: rarely used
2019: serviced and modified by R. Shpeley

The following mods were performed and documentation can be found on github at
https://github.com/rshpeley/yba3mods

Power Supply mods
-----------------
1. the 2 wire power cord was replaced with a 3-wire (grounded) cord for safety
2. the ground switch was not required and was removed
3. the ground capacitor was connected between neutral and ground
4. AC and power supply grounds were made to one common point
5. a standby bypass resistor was added which leaks current to the circuit when in standby mode to help to reform capacitor dielectrics and to reduce current surge damage by precharging the dielectric before full voltage is applied
6. the standby bypass resistor can be used to reform capacitor dielectrics when the amp hasn't been used for long periods of time: remove all tubes, set standby switch down (off), turn power switch on, leave for about 8 hours
7. the preamp power section has been modified to the '68 to '70 revision to isolate the preamp from transient and high frequency sag effects allowing the phase inverter to be overdriven better at these frequencies
8. 2 banks of 2 20uF 600v sprague atom electrolytic caps in parallel replace the 2 banks of 80uF 450v series wired caps which increases the safety margin on capacitor failure

Preamp mods
-----------
1. all ceramic capacitors in the preamp stages have been replaced with silver mica and orange drop film/foil caps
2. input jack ground connections have been isolated at the front panel to reduce hum pickup in this section
3. cathode bypass electrolytic caps were replaced with sprague atoms

Phase Inverter/Power mods
-------------------------
1. power tubes are wired for the option to reduce output power in half by running only 2 tubes as a set in the output stage to better match 8 ohm cabinets
- V4/V7 or V5/V6 may be removed in sets to run V5/V6 or V4/V7 sets respectively
2. each power tube grid and screen have their own resistors to increase output stage high frequency stability
3. 1 ohm bias resistors in the cathode have been added to measure the bias current of each output tube
4. power tube grid bias resistors have been lowered in value to 100K to improve bias stability
5. a presence switch on the back panel provides optional presence feedback to the phase inverter (Marshall mod) to decrease speaker damping and increase output at high frequencies 
6. the transient suppressors across the output transformer were removed and replaced with clamping diodes
7. suppressors were wired to ground to reduce screen current (through a 1 ohm resistor to measure suppressor current)

A note on the suppressor grid wired to -bias
--------------------------------------------
The 6CA7 power pentode was available as either a true pentode or a beam power tube. It's not clear if Pete Traynor tested his suppressor grid wiring with Mullard/Philips EL34 pentodes or American 6CA7 beam power tubes. The negative bias voltage on the beam forming (suppressor) has very little effect on the characteristics of 6CA7 beam tube, but it substantially increases screen current in the EL34 pentodes. With negative bias on the suppressor the EL34 style tube is at its screen current dissipation limit with no signal. When a signal is applied screen dissipation exceeds its design limit which leads to early output tube failure. The solution is to either cut back output tube bias to 50% of plate dissipation (which makes the amp sound deader) or to ground the suppressor grids as done by Marshall. The non-linear effect of the -bias on the suppressor grid can alternately be achieved by increasing the screen resistance value, which also helps to prolong output tube life.

Further mods would be to wire the second stage of the V1 tube (currently unused)as a gain stage similar to Train Wreck amps. KT88s, 6550 and similar tubes can be used in place of the 6CA7s (remove pin 1 wiring and mod bias voltage).


